> I am a very good collaborator, pique interests in topics and get constructive feedback. Early in my career i figured out how to get people interested
	/engaged in talks that they would otherwise be reluctant and i deploy this methodology time and again.
	Did a struts vs Jato comparison and how senior people were so very receptive to the list of differences.
	An innovative way to get feedback, experts Input etc.
	Wanted to choose a framework of choice but also wanted a comprehensive feedback and benefits
	Did a reactJs vs Angular comparison which went through like wildfire and suddenly there was a huge group discussing this out.
		If no data updates then just use any framework
		For a more beginner , use Angular 2 which comes as a overall framework.
		ReactJs can be embedded into any such UI framework.
		I came out much more knowledgable and had the right set of information to make decisions.
		Able to produce a guideline for UI strategy.
		Impact was :  
		Cost savings as in using modern architecture than using Angular1 which would have been absolete in two years anyways.
		Driving the flow towards component based environment which lead to more sharing.
		Migration fromC# to HTML5 started , low cost and saved us money. 
		The bank was set on the new age UIs and the different developers in the team had a handbook to read through.
		light weight and real time data was made easily available on UI,
		I made a light weight search grid with search params and a grid to bind with a json restful service.
		Collaborate/Social Value: 
		Having jump started the ReactJS discussions , I got more inputs on topics like NodeJs, housebuilt client to client chatting service. 
		Entitlements sharing and some more.
		Became popular in terms of providing advice on UI component with peers,juniors and seniors. 
		One thing led to another and now engaged in moving other teams off the legacy UIs with ease and comfort.  
		
		Be Open: Listed out all the websites where I sourced info from to provide transparency. 
		Be Bold and Move Fast : Decided quickly, built up a react website over the weekend, did some analysis of function calls from Chrome and metrics.  
		Built a page with grid,  search and display data and handed out the stash url to different teams who wanted to jump on the transformation.

		Recently I am popularizing the idea of real time messaging on front end using Websockets and Kafka for streaming data. 

First I sold the idea of Differences between two parallel tech stacks.
Then it motivated me further to prepare and prepare good with proper evidence.  More people in my team got interested and contributed as it sounded enticing 
or might be cool .
While I sold the idea to senior management and I prepped on it , by the time I was in my first session for TechTalk , I was quite well armed with information.
> Prepped up sample demo pages in Reactjs, Angular1, C#, with different set of Grids, ag-grid, slickgrid, griddle.js
> Get audience engaged in discussions.


Failures: I believe in giving an individual , the right amount of space to explore all solutions/possiblities for a certain product/problem.
The developers started coming up with new tech stack/suggestions every other week
The deliverables quality suffered , delayed and there were outages. 
Was able to relate to the cause and soon took actions
Proper tracking through jira in terms of estimates, uat delivery date, test case acceptance. 
AUtomated testing and regression results 